Add `Proxy` to protect polyfill implementation. (#42)
digitalbazaar/credential-handler-polyfill: CHANGELOG.md

# credential-handler-polyfill ChangeLog

## 3.2.1 - 2024-05-dd

### Fixed
- Ensure `navigator.credentials[get|store]` methods from the polyfill

>   will continue to run to process `options.web|WebCredential` if other
>   software that runs after it is setup changes those methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will continue to run and process `options.web|WebCredential`, even
  if those methods are changed by other software that runs after the
  polyfill is set up.
```

Author: Yeah, I was thinking about fixing up that message on second read. Thanks for doing it for me, Ted!
